We can insert pre written code in a C program by using?	#read	#get	#include	#include
The first expression in a for loop is?	Step value of loop	Value of the counter variable	None of above	Value of the counter variable
 Break statement is used for?	Quit a program	Quit the current iteration	Both of above	Quit the current iteration
Due to variable scope in c?	Variables created in a function cannot be used another function	Variables created in a function can be used in another function	Variables created in a function can only be used in the main function	Variables created in a function cannot be used another function
 Exit() is same as return?	True	False	None	False
calloc() belongs to which library?	stdlib.h	calloc.h	malloc.h	stdlib.h
Total number of keywords in C are?	30	31	32	32
What is use of \\r in c?	places cursor at the start of line	places cursor at the end of line	used to insert a tab	places cursor at the start of line
rand() function returns?	float value	integer value	any type	integer value
The compiler in C ignores all text till the end of line using?	//	/	*/	//
Which operator in c can't be overloaded?	%	+	::	::
Which operator has the highest priority?	()	[]	*	()
What is the purpose of getc()?	read a character from STDIN	read a character from a file	read all file	read a character from a file
Difference between structure and union is?	We can define functions within structures but not within a union	We can define functions within union but not within a structure	The way memory is allocated	The way memory is allocated
To access the members of structure which symbol is used?	*	.	-	.
What among following is true about stack?	stack cannot reuse its memory	all elements are of different datatypes	all operation done at one end	all operation done at one end
A member is a?	Variable in a structure	Datatype of structure	Structure pointer	Variable in a structure
UML meaning is?	Unique modeling language	Unified modeling language	Unified modern language	Unified modeling language
printf() belongs to which library of c?	stdlib.h	stdout.h	stdio.h	stdio.h
What is correct order of precedence in C?	Multiplication, Substration, Modulus	Modulus, Multiplication, Substration	Addition, Modulus, Division	Modulus, Multiplication, Substration
