Hitler party which came into power in 1933 is known as ?	Labour Party	Nazi Party	Democratic Party	Nazi Party
FFC stands for ?	Foreign Finance Corporation	Film Finance Corporation	Federation of Football Council	Film Finance Corporation
Fastest shorthand writer was ?	Dr. G. D. Bist	J.R.D. Tata	Khudada Khan	Dr. G. D. Bist
Exposure to sunlight helps a person improve his health because ?	the infrared light kills bacteria in the body	the pigment cells in the skin get stimulated and produce a healthy tan	the ultraviolet rays convert skin oil into Vitamin D	the ultraviolet rays convert skin oil into Vitamin D
First China War was fought between ?	China and Britain	China and France	China and Egypt	China and Britain
What is part of a database that holds only one type of information ?	Record	Field	File	Field
'OS' computer abbreviation usually means ?	Order of Significance	Open Software	Operating System	Operating System
\
In which decade with the first transatlantic radio broadcast occur ?	1850s	1860s	1900s	1900s
Which is a type of Electrically-Erasable Programmable Read-Only Memory ?	Flash	Fury	FRAM	Flash
The purpose of choke in tube light is ?	To decrease the current	To increase the current	To increase the voltage momentarily	To increase the voltage momentarily
Who developed Yahoo ?	Dennis Ritchie & Ken Thompson	David Filo & Jerry Yang	Vint Cerf & Robert Kahn	David Filo & Jerry Yang
VHS stands for...?	Video Home System	Very high speed	Voltage house standard	Video Home System
What does VVVF stand for ?	Variant Voltage Vile Frequency	Variable Velocity Variable Fun	Variable Voltage Variable Frequency	Variable Voltage Variable Frequency
The Battle of Plassey was fought in ?	1757	1748	1764	1757
The treaty of Srirangapatna was signed between Tipu Sultan and ___?	Robert Clive	Cornwallis	Dalhousie	Cornwallis
Under an agreement with which of the following countries did Subhas Chandra Bose organize the Indian soldiers, taken as prisoners by the Axis Powers, into the Azad Hind Fauj ?	China	Germany	Japan	Japan
Who invented the BALLPOINT PEN ?	Biro Brothers	Waterman Brothers	Write Brothers	Biro Brothers
Who invented Jet Engine ?	Sir Frank Whittle	Gottlieb Daimler	Lewis E. Waterman	Sir Frank Whittle
What invention caused many deaths while testing it ?	Dynamite	Race cars	Parachute	Parachute
